---
slug: welcome
title: Welcome
authors: aaron
tags: [development update]
---

# Welcome

**I hope you're as excited for this as we are!**

I've been trying to set something like this up for some time now and im glad that its finally here!

This is where we will keep updates on development, as well as non development related things.

After reading through that google form I now understand all of the issues i've been presented with and really took it to heart, which is why . . .

## Going Forward

From now on you will all now the current track of development, exactly whats going on. Im going to keep images more to the teaser channel in the discord but im going to keep everything else here.

There will be a post once or twice a week with updates on current progress in stuff, ill also be creating an FAQ section on here, and ill make a post once its completed. I wanted to make sure I got this out to you all first!

## Questions I've gotten

Here im just going to answer some questions I got from the form.

### When is the revamp releasing?

Im going to give you my completely honest answer, I don't know.

And it's not that type of answer where im just saying that to be rude, it's just too early to give an estimate that I can confidentally stick to.

Life happens, a developer may get sick and be unable to work for a few days, roblox does an update that breaks something, we find a major bug and need to go back to fix it, etc, etc.

I'd love to give you an estimate but im going to wait until im sure of it. The past runners of this project have given multiple empty promises of release, even I did it once with the executives.

Once im sure beyond a reasonable doubt that my estimate is legit, im keeping quiet about a release.

But, im still going to take you all on the ride with us from now on, almost *every step of the way.*

### Revamp Streams?

Honestly its hard to determine what I *can* stream, not when. Im afraid of showing something I shouldnt on the stream development wise, I want this game to come out and for players to experiance something new, not play the game they saw in screenshots and have everything already be told to them.

I will however be picking up on streams, my last VOD should be up from twitch, but when I do stream you can find me [here.](https://www.twitch.tv/thomastrainiac)

---

These are quite literally what basically all of the responses were asking about.

## Whats going on right now?

This section will be on every blog post, im going to put whats currently being worked on.

There may be some things not listed to keep it secret but anything that I can tell you I will tell you. These will be updated on the post.

This will later change to its own page but until I have that done this will work for now.

## Water Filtration System

As majroty of you know **Area-27 Revamp** will have a water filtration system for E&T and LD.

The basic functions of this are keeping the water clean from contaminants that may be in the water

There will be a crane used to get whatever may be in the water out

E&T will also have to keep the pressure at equilibrium that way the site doesnt go into melt down

Once I have a teaser for it i'll post a short sneak peak video :)

## Till the next time

That's all for now, as I said the "FAQ" will come out soon as well as the "Currently Working On" page, just want to figure out some of the kinks, until Thursday (or Saturday, time will tell)

Have a good evening :)

-- Aaron Long (Thomastrainiac)